Convert metric aggs docs runtime fields (#71260)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/metrics/t-test-aggregation.asciidoc

// TESTRESPONSE[s/\.\.\./"took": $body.took,"timed_out": false,"_shards": $body._shards,"hits": $body.hits,/]
<1> The p-value.

Populations don't have to be in the same index. If data sets are located in different
indices, the term filter on the <<mapping-index-field,`_index`>> field can be used to select populations.

==== Script

If you need to run the `t_test` on values that aren't represented cleanly

> by a field you should run the aggregation on a <<runtime,runtime field>>.
> For example, if we need to adjust out load times for the before values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by a field you should, run the aggregation on a <<runtime,runtime field>>.
For example, if you want to adjust out load times for the before values:
```
